"I'm so glad you come before we began," said Nan, cheerfully.
Betsey gave the mother gruel and tea, and comforted her with assurance of better days for all.
Knowing that Mrs. Mallard was afflicted with a heart trouble, great care was taken to break to her as gently as possible the news of her husband's death.
It was her sister Josephine who told her, in broken sentences; veiled hints that revealed in half concealing.
Her husband's friend Richards was there, too, near her.
It was he who had been in the newspaper office when intelligence of the railroad disaster was received, with Brently Mallard's name leading the list of "killed."
He had only taken the time to assure himself of its truth by a second telegram, and had hastened to forestall any less careful, less tender friend in bearing the sad message.
She wept at once, with sudden, wild abandonment, in her sister's arms.
When the storm of grief had spent itself she went away to her room alone.
She would have no one follow her.
Into this she sank, pressed down by a physical exhaustion that haunted her body and seemed to reach into her soul.
She sat with her head thrown back upon the cushion of the chair, quite motionless, except when a sob came up into her throat and shook her, as a child who has cried itself to sleep continues to sob in its dreams.
It was Brently Mallard who entered, a little travel-stained, composedly carrying his grip-sack and umbrella.
He stood amazed at Josephine's piercing cry; at Richards' quick motion to screen him from the view of his wife.
They were the children of her nearest neighbor, Odile, who was not such a near neighbor, after all.
In her arms she carried little Lodie; she dragged Ti Nomme by an unwilling hand; while Marcline and Marclette followed with irresolute steps.
Little Mrs. Sommers one day found herself the unexpected possessor of fifteen dollars.
But whenever Mr. James Dillingham Young came home and reached his flat above he was called "Jim" and greatly hugged by Mrs. James Dillingham Young, already introduced to you as Della.
One was Jim's gold watch that had been his father's and his grandfather's.
As the day was pleasant, Madame Valmonde drove over to L'Abri to see Desiree and the baby.
The answer that came was brief: "My own Desiree: Come home to Valmonde; back to your mother who loves you; Come with your child."
When the letter reached Desiree she went with it to her husband's study, and laid it open upon the desk before which he sat.
But it was not Desiree's; it was part of an old letter from his mother to his father.
She was thanking God for the blessing of her husband's love.
"But above all," she wrote, "night and day, I thank the good God for having so arranged our lives that our dear Armand will never know that his mother, who adores him, belongs to the race that is cursed with the brand of slavery."
If my uncle was seen turning the corner, we hid in the shadow until we had seen him safely housed.
Or if Mangan's sister came out on the doorstep to call her brother in to his tea, we watched her from our shadow peer up and down the street.
We waited to see whether she would remain or go in and, if she remained, we left our shadow and walked up to Mangan's steps resignedly.
Her brother always teased her before he obeyed, and I stood by the railings looking at her.
Mrs Mercer stood up to go: she was sorry she couldn't wait any longer, but it was after eight o'clock and she did not like to be out late, as the night air was bad for her.
When she had gone I began to walk up and down the room, clenching my fists.
My uncle said he was very sorry he had forgotten.
When I left the kitchen he was about to recite the opening lines of the piece to my aunt.
It happened that he was roaring protestations, with his arms clasped about the dog's neck, when the father of the family came in from work.
The father of the family, it appears, was in a particularly savage temper that evening, and when he perceived that it would amaze and anger everybody if such a dog were allowed to remain, he decided that it should be so.
The child, crying softly, took his friend off to a retired part of the room to hobnob with him, while the father quelled a fierce rebellion of his wife.
Once when the child had run, protesting loudly, with tears raining down his face and his arms outstretched, to protect his friend, he had been struck in the head with a very large saucepan from the hand of his father, enraged at some seeming lack of courtesy in the dog.
"I could do much better, I know," said Mrs. Ellis; "but as no one seems inclined to take her, I must act from a sense of duty expect to have trouble with the child; for she's an undisciplined thing--used to having her own way."
Now, Joe Thompson's wife, who happened to be childless, was not a woman of saintly temper, nor much given to self-denial for others' good, and Joe had well-grounded doubts touching the manner of greeting he should receive on his arrival.
Usually Joe Thompson got out of his wife's way, or kept rigidly silent and non-combative when she fired up on any subject; it was with some surprise, therefore, that she now encountered a firmly-set countenance and a resolute pair of eyes.
Joe saw, by a quick intuition, that his resolute bearing had impressed his wife and he answered quickly, and with real indignation.
I am an idle gentleman by education, a studious person by disposition; but there was a big debt owing on the estate when I came here, and as my father was in debt partly because he had spent so much on my education, I resolved not to go away, but to work till I paid off the debt.
At dinner I was very much excited, I was uncomfortable, and I don't know what I said, but Anna Alexyevna kept shaking her head and saying to her husband: 'Dmitry, how is this?'
His father, smiling shamefacedly at his own credulity, held up the talisman, as his son, with a solemn face, somewhat marred by a wink at his mother, sat down and struck a few impressive chords.
She ran to the door, but her husband was before her, and catching her by the arm, held her tightly.
Bollywood's much admired couple Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor are expecting their second child.
In 1991, Nazia and her brother Zoheb recorded fifth album, Camera Camera.
Nazia was married on March 30, 1995 to Mirza Ishtiaq Baig.
Pratt also has a 7-year-old son with his first wife, Anna Faris.
Pakistani actress and model Aamina Sheikh has performed second marriage months after divorce from actor Mohib Mirza.
In another picture, the actress and her new husband gave four-year-old Meissa, daughter of Aamina and Mohib, a hug.
Earlier in October 2019, Mohib Mirza, had revealed that the much adored couple of showbiz industry, he and Aamina Sheikh had parted ways after 14 years of marriage.
Mohib and Aamina tied the knot back in 2005 and also have a baby daughter, Meissa Mirza, who was born in August 2015.
Li Jingzhi spent more than three decades searching for her son, Mao Yin, who was kidnapped in 1988 and sold.
At weekends Jingzhi and her husband would take their toddler Mao Yin to the zoo, or to one of the many parks in their city, Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi province in central China.
Mao Yin was her only child - China's one-child policy was in full swing, so there was no question of having more.
She and her husband would drop him off at a kindergarten in the morning and pick him up after work.
Jingzhi's husband explained that he had picked up Jia Jia from the kindergarten and stopped on the way home to get him a drink of water from a small hotel owned by the family.
"I thought perhaps my son was lost and couldn't find his way home and that kind-hearted people would find him and bring him back to me," she says.
She would cry when she saw her missing son's clothes, his little shoes and the toys he used to play with.
Her son was the first thing she thought about when she woke up each morning, and at night she dreamed he was crying "Mama, mama!".
How Princess Diana broke the news of her divorce with Charles to Prince William.
Prince William may have not gotten a lot of time to spend with Princess Diana, but the little time during which they were together, the mother-son developed a lasting bond.
The late Princess of Wales had extended some heartfelt advice to her eldest son when she broke the news about her divorce with Prince Charles to Harry and William.
Kylie Jenner shares sweet glimpse into her life as she appears with daughter Stormi.
Kylie Jenner, who celebrated her 23rd birthday on Monday, continued to share sweet glimpses into her life as she appeared alongside daughter Stormi in matching white outfits at an  ocean.
However, his wife, Maanyata Dutt has now stepped forth to issue a statement after the rumours related to his health went rife.
Maanyata has been stuck in Dubai along with her and Sanjay's children, Shahraan and Iqra, ever since the coronavirus lockdown was enforced all across India.
Brad Pitt's legal camp has hit back at Angelina Jolie after she filed a petition seeking the removal of judge overseeing their divorce case.
Jackson's Smile: 'I turned my gravely-ill son into a superhero'.
When Jackson was one, his parents were told it was unlikely he would see his second birthday.
His dad Darren wrote a children's book with Jackson at the core - acting as a superhero.
Virtual help was also offered to Megan, 11, her mother Kate said.
Lisa Adie said she had been struggling since her partner was furloughed.
Arrabella Rose and her brother Christopher Jnr have been so "excited" to collect their lunch, mother Charlotte Dixon said.
Debbie Lewis, Sue Warburton and Atiq Rehman were unable to visit loved ones in hospital or say goodbye at their funerals.
Ms Lewis, who has set up an online group for people who have lost family and friends to coronavirus, said losing her dad was "one of the hardest things that I'll ever go through in my lifetime".
Bethan Simpson, 27, from Burnham-on-Crouch, Essex, found out her unborn daughter Elouise had spina bifida at her 20-week scan - she was offered the option of terminating the pregnancy.
He's been missing since Tuesday's explosion but she and her family believe he could still be alive under the rubble.
So Kenneth opened up to his daughter Rebecca about his first love, Phillip - 25 years after she told him she was gay.
But the laser was also a way for him to bond with his father, a distant figure, who had served with the US Navy in World War Two.
Though Jeff's father never mentioned his experiences in the Pacific when the nuclear bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, he would talk, at length, about nuclear weapons, the nuclear threat and the US's relationship with the USSR.
Jeff's mum made contact with them on his behalf, and a couple of volunteers, Matt and Teri, came over to his house in South Pasadena to talk about his wishes.
For the first time, Jeff's father opened up to his son about his childhood.
Jeff with his parents, Robert and Phyllis Henigson.
A few days after birth, her daughter Maisie was diagnosed with hypoplastic left heart syndrome, which means the left lower pumping chamber of the heart does not develop properly.
Maisie, described by her mum as "a real, little character", is also a big sister to Florrie.
That is the fear of new mother Katie Jones, from Porthcawl, who has not been seen by a health visitor since her son George was born just before lockdown.
Plaid Cymru Senedd member, Ms Sayed, gave birth to son Idris after lockdown started on 23 March.
Katie Jones, from Porthcawl, gave birth to her second child, George, in March, just before lockdown began.
Michelle Townsend's daughter Audrey was born prematurely at 26 weeks in October.
One of the parents she spoke with, Ryan, said they had helped him to identify that his eight-month-old daughter Mia has five different cries.
Catherine and her husband have three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis.
Catherine and her husband, the Duke of Cambridge, have three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis.
Leah Sigsworth, 18 and Sophie, 16, from Rushden, Northamptonshire, were due to take their A-levels and GCSEs.
Sophie, who plans to study business, said selling brownies is helping her understand commerce.
In just over a month Leah Sigsworth had sold more than 500 pairs of earrings that she makes in her parents back garden.
Her newborn daughter, Skye, was born the week before lockdown began.
For new mum Olivia McDermott, 24, registering her son Elijah's birth meant the difference between continuing with her training to become a nurse.
His parents soon separated, and he was brought up singlehandedly by his mother, Elena, a young prison doctor.
This rubbed off on her son as he grew up in the late 1980s in the port city of Vladivostok, on Russia's Pacific coast.
Wes's mother, Elena, explains why she became a mail-order bride in this clip from the film, Little Potato.
Elena and James had got married, so she and Wes could finally go to America.
"My mum was technically Russian Orthodox, but she wasn't conservative or fundamentalist," Wes says.
One night Wes received a phone call from his mother, and she was crying.
She gave birth to her son on 5 November 2019 and nine days later she was diagnosed with lymphoma in her chest.
His wife Yara recounts the day she can never forget, and weeps.
In 2009, six-year-old Mostafa accompanied his mother on a visit to her sister in Cairo.
What happened next is based on what passers-by told Mostafa's father, Abdallah, after he came to find his wife in hospital.
Abdallah, a retired accountant, says he received a phone call telling him that his wife had lost consciousness.
The people who took my wife to the hospital had found her unconscious on a chair in the street.
To make matters worse, as soon as Mostafa's mother left hospital and learnt that her son had gone missing she suffered a stroke and was paralysed as a result.
However, Abdallah had kept one piece of information secret to use as a conclusive evidence of his son's identity if he ever found him.
It transpired that when Mostafa had returned with the bottle of water for his mother, he could not see her anywhere.
The police station is about two kilometres (1.2 miles) away from where Mostafa was separated from his mother.
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809, in a one-room log cabin on 348 acre (1.4 km²) Sinking Spring Farm in the Southeast part of Hardin County, Kentucky, then considered the frontier (now part of LaRue Co., in Nolin Creek, three miles (5 km) south of Hodgenville), to Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Hanks.
Lincoln was named after his deceased grandfather, Abraham Lincoln.
Two weeks later she married Michael Jackson on May 18, 1994.
There was also wide speculation Jackson married Presley for various public relations purposes.
He is assumed to be the son of Richard Bush and Mary Fairbanks both of Dedham, Massachusetts.
Mary's uncle George Fairbanks was an ancestor of American President William H. Taft.
Friederike Sophie Wilhelmine, Princess of Prussia (Berlin, July 3, 1709 - Bayreuth, October 14, 1758), was a daughter of Friedrich Wilhelm I of Prussia.
In 1735 she was married to Friedrich, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth.
Around the time of Nirvana's 1992 performance on Saturday Night Live, Love discovered that she was pregnant with Cobain's child (Frances Bean Cobain).
A few days after the conclusion of Nirvana's Australian tour, on Monday, February 24, 1992, Cobain married Love on Waikiki Beach, Hawaii.
Miguel was the oldest of five children born to Oscar winner Jose Ferrer and singer Rosemary Clooney-Ferrer.
He is the son of Nina Bruce Warren and Cincinnati news anchor and TV host Nick Clooney, a nephew of actress and singer Rosemary Clooney, and a cousin of actor Miguel Ferrer; another cousin, Gabriel Ferrer, is an Episcopal priest, married to Debby Boone.
Born the twelfth and youngest child of Thomas and Mary Wedgwood, Josiah Wedgwood survived a childhood bout of smallpox to serve as an apprentice potter under his eldest brother Thomas Wedgwood (1716-1773).
She has two children, Carrie Fisher (of Star Wars fame) and Todd Fisher (born 1958).
Rocky, as he was called, was born in Bar Harbor, Maine.
A member of the prominent Rockefeller family, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller, Jr. and the grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller and Senator Nelson W. Aldrich of Rhode Island, for whom he was named.
He was also the brother of Governor Winthrop Rockefeller.
Grant married Julia Boggs Dent (1826-1902) on August 22, 1848.
They had four children: Frederick Dent Grant, Ulysses S. (Buck) Grant, Jr., Ellen (Nellie) Grant, and Jesse Root Grant.
His father Louis Ginsberg was a poet and his mother was high school teacher.
Ginsberg's mother Naomi Levy Ginsberg (who was affected by epileptic seizures and mental illnesses such as paranoia) was also an active member of the Communist Party USA.
Born Penelope Loader Maffey, she was the daughter of John Maffey, later 1st Baron Rugby, who was to become Governor-General of the Sudan, Permanent Secretary of the Colonial Office and wartime Ambassador to Dublin.
Earlier, he had been the private secretary to the Viceroy of India and Governor of the Northwest Frontier Province, and Penelope was born in Peshawar and grew up in India, where three of her siblings died in childhood.
He married Dorothy Walker, George Herbert Walker's daughter, on August 6, 1921, and together they had five children, including George H. W. Bush (named after George Herbert Walker), Prescott Bush, Jr., Jonathan Bush, William Bush, and Nancy Bush.
Prince Eitel Friederich (July 7, 1883-December 8, 1942) was a son of Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany by his first wife, Augusta Viktoria, Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein.
He is the father of George W. Bush, the current president, and Jeb Bush, the governor of Florida.
His wife is Barbara Bush.
On August 10, 2002 she married Nicolas Cage, someone well-known for his Elvis-obsession.
He is the 10-year-old son of Homer and Marge Simpson and older brother of Lisa and Maggie.
During the early 1970s he became a protégé and was a former roommate at Princeton with Donald Rumsfeld and Caspar Weinberger.
Forbes is the father of Rosemary Forbes Kerry and the maternal grandfather of 2004 U.S. Presidential candidate Democrat John Kerry and of the 1991 French Presidential candidate Green Brice Lalonde.
He married Margaret Tyndal Winthrop, who came from a family with deep roots in Massachusetts history going back to the John Winthrop, the first governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
He was a grandson of John Quincy Adams and a son of U.S. diplomat Charles Francis Adams.
She is sister to the actors Rosanna Arquette, David Arquette, and Alexis Arquette.
She is the sister-in-law of Courteney Cox Arquette, who is married to her brother David.
He was the fifth of six children of wealthy society doctor Robert Darwin and Susannah Darwin (née Wedgwood).
He was the grandson of Erasmus Darwin on his father's side.
On 29 January 1839, Darwin married his cousin Emma Wedgwood at Maer in an Anglican ceremony arranged to also suit the Unitarians.
He was born at the Royal Palace in Stockholm, as the son of Prince Wilhelm.
With his son Brent Barry winning the NBA Championship in 2005 with the San Antonio Spurs, Rick and Brent have become only the second father-son duo to both win NBA Championships as players; the first was Matt Guokas Sr. and his son, Matt Guokas Jr.
Kennedy never married but romantically was linked to at least two women: Edith Bouvier Beale, the beautiful cousin of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, and Katharine Mortimer, a New York socialite who declined to become more seriously involved with Joe Jr. because, she claimed, his family was too loud to consider marrying into.
Two years later, he married Laura Welch, a librarian originally from Midland.
They have twin daughters, Barbara and Jenna.
She is the mother of actors Jason and Robert Schwartzman and aunt to actor Nicolas Cage.
He was the younger brother of actors Lionel and Ethel Barrymore.
Ferrer is the uncle of actor George Clooney and the father-in-law of singer Debby Boone.
Schwarzenegger was born in Thal, Austria, four miles (6 km) from Graz, to a Gendarmerie-Kommandant policeman, Gustav Schwarzenegger (1907-1972) and his wife, the former Aurelia Jadrny (1922-1998).
Aged 86 at death, Groucho was the longest-lived of all the Marx brothers, though younger brother Zeppo survived him by two years.
He was married to Grace Coolidge and had 2 children: John (born 6 September, 1906 - died 2000) and Calvin Jr. (born 13 April - died 1924).
His younger son Calvin Jr. died at 16 while playing tennis at the White House.
Abraham J. Simpson was born in an English-speaking European country, probably Ireland, Wales or Scotland, although he forgets which one.
The odds are against it being Ireland, as he claims that he "Drove the Irish out of Springfield Village" as a young man.
He was the son of Orville Simpson and Yuma Hickman.
He immigrated to the United States as a child with his parents, where they lived in the Statue of Liberty until they supposedly (according to Abe) filled the head with garbage.
Patricia Kennedy Lawford was the sixth child of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald.
Her father was Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr., and her mother was Rose Kennedy.
He was the fourth child of John D. Rockefeller, Jr. and brother to Nelson Rockefeller.
In 1861 his father, Charles Francis Adams, was appointed minister to England by Lincoln, and Henry Adams accompanied him as his private secretary.
He married his first wife, Joyce Halverson, in 1951.
He later married Jean Forsyth Clyde in 1973, with whom he was married for the rest of his life.
Adams was stepfather of Civil War General James Fleming Fagan.
He was born in Berlin to Crown Prince Friedrich and his wife, Victoria, Princess Royal of Britain.
His mother was the aunt of Empress Alexandra (wife of Tsar Nicholas II), and sister of King Edward VII.
Hanks has been married to actress Rita Wilson since 1988.
Hanks was married previously to Samantha Lewes from 1978 to 1987.
King married Coretta Scott on June 18, 1953.
In the mid to late 1930s, she made many recordings with her husband Red Norvo.
Mildred married Red in 1933 and they divorced in 1938.
On January 1, 1919, after unsuccessfully seeking a seat in the United States Senate, Henry Ford turned the presidency of Ford Motor Company over to his son Edsel, although still maintaining a firm hand in its management - few company decisions under Edsel's presidency were made without approval by Henry, and those few that were, Henry often reversed.
Also at this time, Henry and Edsel purchased all remaining stock from other investors.
Shire is currently married to actress Didi Conn.
Georges Pompidou had one foster son, Alain Pompidou, now president of the European Patent Office.
Fisher has had one husband, musician Paul Simon (married 1983-divorce 1984).
She is the mother of Billie Catherine Lourd (born July 17, 1992), whose father is CAA principal and agent, Bryan Lourd.
During the 1940s, Coppola worked under Arturo Toscanini with the NBC Symphony Orchestra.
During that time he mostly worked as an orchestra conductor on Broadway and elsewhere, working with his son, legendary filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola.
In the spring of 1896, the Serbian Mileva Marić (an acquaintance of Nikola Tesla) started initially as a medical student at the University of Zurich, but after a term switched to the same section as Einstein as the only woman that year to study for the same diploma.
Coppola's father Carmine was a renowned composer and musician, and wrote the scores of many of his son's films, and his nephew Nicolas Cage is an acclaimed actor.
His wife, former first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton, is currently the junior.
She was married to Academy Award-winning actor Nicolas Cage from 1995 until 2001.
Barry is the brother in-law of pro golfer Billy Andrade.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr., often referred to as John F. Kennedy, Jr., JFK Jr. or John-John (November 25, 1960 - July 16, 1999) was an American lawyer, journalist, and publisher.
He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Bouvi.
She married Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. on October 7, 1914, after a courtship of more than 7 years, and they lived in nearby Brookline, in a house that is now a national historic landmark.
At the age of 21, she married William Hutchinson.
He was part of the Puritan movement, especially following the teachings of John Cotton.
Mary Lilian Baels (November 28, 1916 - June 7, 2002) was best known as Princess de Réthy, the controversial morganatic second wife of King Léopold III of the Belgians.
Margaret Tyndal Winthrop (February 23, 1880 - July 7, 1970) was the maternal grandmother of U.S. Senator John Kerry, the Presidential candidate.
Winthrop's daughter, Rosemary Isabel Forbes, was Kerry's mother.
Her father, Hugh Ellsworth Rodham, a conservative, worked in the textile industry, and her mother, Dorothy Emma Howell Rodham, was a homemaker.
After marrying Richard Burton, Taylor relinquished her American citizenship, and is now a "permanent resident" of the U.S.
After marrying Republican Senator John Warner, of Virginia, she received a "green card" and keeps her British passport.
His son Charles Francis Adams was Secretary of the Navy and a renowned yachtsman.
Winthrop is the great-great-grandfather of United States Senator and 2004 Presidential candidate John Kerry.
H.R.H Prince Paul of Yugoslavia was the only son of Prince Arsen and Princess Aurora Demidoff.
He was brother-in-law of HRH the Duke of Kent and a Knight of the Garter, George VI, as Duke of York, had been his best man at his wedding in Belgrade in 1923.
Reagan later married actress Jane Wyman in 1940.
She had a daughter, Maureen in 1941 and adopted a son, Michael in 1945.
His second daughter, Christine Reagan , was born four months prematurely on June 26, 1947 and lived only one day.
Reagan remarried in 1952 to actress NNancy Davis.
Born Talia Rose Coppola in Lake Success, Long Island, New York, she is the sister of director and producer Francis Ford Coppola.
His brother was the writer Aldous Huxley, and half-brother a fellow biologist and Nobel laureate, Andrew Huxley; his father was writer and editor Leonard Huxley; and his paternal grandfather was biologist T. H. Huxley, famous as a colleague and supporter of Charles Darwin.
His maternal grandfather was the academic Tom Arnold, and great-grandfather Thomas Arnold.
Adams's son Charles Francis also pursued a career in politics.
He is one of the "Baldwin brothers," with brothers Daniel, William and the most famous Alec.
It is said that Bok brought home more meat than any of the two best hunters, that with his own hands he attended to the division of it, that with his own eyes he saw to it that the least old woman and the last old man received fair share.
As the cobblestones rattled under the doctor's equipage rolling leisurely up Prytania Street, Tony's wife sat in her chair and laughed,--laughed with a hearty joyousness that lifted the film from the dull eyes and disclosed a sparkle beneath.
In the intervals between tending the fallen giant and waiting on the customers, Tony's wife sat in her accustomed chair, knitting fiercely, with an inscrutable smile about her purple compressed mouth.
Red-headed Jimmie, Mrs. Murphy's nephew, did the hard jobs, such as splitting wood and lifting coal from the bin.
There was nothing left, either, of the outbursts of the past -- the loud altercations, upbraidings, complaints, and gusts of hatred which had usually ended in my wife's going abroad or to her own people.
This state of affairs was further complicated by the fact that Felice was the wife of Chino Zavalla, shift-boss of No. 4 gang in the new workings.
Junaid Safdar, grandson of Nawaz Sharif and son of Maryam Nawaz Sharif made a very handsome groom.
Growing up near Boston, Massachusetts, during the 1980s, Sara always felt a special bond with her dad, Ira.
I would have to field these calls and advise him, or he would send me printed-out manuscripts of his books and I would go through and edit them and play creative collaborator, even though I was doing it sometimes literally with one eye closed.
Soon afterwards, Ira announced that he wanted to go back to his home town of Perkasie in Pennsylvania to see all the places he associated with his happy childhood before he would forget about it.
His survivors include his wife of 17 years, Eva Bergman and his son, Jon Mankell, a film producer who helped bring Stieg Larsson's Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series to the big screen.
Lisa Shaw, who worked for BBC Radio Newcastle, died at the city’s Royal Victoria Infirmary in May, a little more than three weeks after her first dose of the vaccine developed by academics at the University of Oxford.
The inquest heard that Shaw, 44, had been admitted to hospital after doctors investigating her complaints of headaches found she had suffered a brain haemorrhage.
She was transferred to the Royal Victoria Infirmary where she received a number of treatments, including cutting away part of her skull to relieve the pressure on her brain, but despite those efforts she died on 21 May.
Asked about the underlying cause of the fatal clotting on her brain, he said the clinical evidence “strongly supports the idea that it was, indeed, vaccine induced”.
Francis Goncalves, a chef, said he believed that his father, Basil, 73, contracted Covid while in hospital and his mother, Charmagne, 65, and brother Shaul, 40, picked it up at a family dinner.
While Jimmy Carter’s much-maligned presidency is finally being revised, there was never any doubt about the influence of his wife, Rosalynn Carter, profiled by Anthony Holden in the issue of 3 August 1980.
What tied Leese to her house wasn’t her own health, but that of her eight-year-old daughter Alice – or rather, the wholesale failure of multiple public services to cater for Alice’s mental health needs.
Tracey Wilson lives in a village near Scunthorpe with her 13-year-old son and 17-year-old daughter, Hannah, who has undiagnosed autism and sensory processing disorder.
Now her children, Penelope and Finn, are 10 and six respectively and her new book, The Family Firm, navigates the primary school years.
The real key here, she argues, is good decision-making: which to her means running your family like a business, governed by a set of clear organising principles from which considered decisions can logically flow.
Shirley is survived by her husband, Harvey Howard Cherry, of the home; two daughters, Kim Brooks of Kingsport, and Tammie Lynn Kromar of Houston, TX; friend Tina; and five great-grandchildren.
He was preceded in death by his son, Billy Matthew Smith (8-25-2021); his parents, Morris and Irene Smith; sister, Charlotte Marsette McClellan.
He is survived by his wife of 48 years, Margaret Hammonds Smith; granddaughter, Abbie Grace Smith; brother, Rick Smith (Judy); several aunts and cousins.
She was preceded in death by her husband, Ben Rose; parents, Tommy and Dora Tomlinson; sister, Minnie Rose; brothers, Clifton Rhoten, James Rhoten and R.D. Tomlinson.
Survivors include her daughters, Kathy (Rick) Fritz and Irene Bledsoe; she was blessed with 3 grandsons, Chad (Tina) Fritz, and Josh Fritz, her grandson, Cody Bledsoe preceded her in death; 2 great-grandsons, Ronan and Matthew Fritz; 1 great-great grandson, Matthew Fritz, Jr.; 3 sisters, Annie Sue Tomlinson, Mae Tomlinson and Faye Kindle.
He was preceded in death by his wife, Lena Belle Elkins; parents Henry C. and Eula Mae Elkins; brother, Elmer Elkins; sisters, Mary Elizabeth Biggs and Frances Burdine.
Jack was preceded in death by his loving wife of 63 years, Jeanette May in 2015; daughter, Lynne May Ryman in 1985; parents, George and Sarah May; and sister, Priscilla Davis.
