Miami-born filmmaker Barry Jenkins wrote and directed the film, based on a play by Tarell Alvin McCraney, about a young African American boy named Chiron coming to terms with his sexuality as he grows up in a tough Florida neighbourhood. However, while the shoot took only 25 days, Jenkins says he conceived the project "at least three-and-a-half years ago". He explains: "That's fairly average because it takes a long time for a film to get made. "So all these movies we have this year - Birth of a Nation, A United Kingdom, Loving, Fences - which are being framed as a reply to the campaign about the lack of diversity in the system, probably began about four years ago.
President Maduro and his Colombian counterpart, Juan Manuel Santos, agreed to the gradual reopening in a phone call on Monday. Up to 2,000 people are expected to cross from Venezuela into Colombia on the first day, according to Colombian RCN radio. "When I heard the news, I decided to come to the border crossing very early," Carolina Correa told RCN in the Venezuelan border city of Cucuta.
Actor Sylvester Stallone has said he is "flattered" by reports that Donald Trump may offer him an arts post - but would prefer a role helping veterans. Several publications suggested last week that the president-elect would offer the star a top job in the arts. In a statement, Stallone said he was "incredibly flattered to have been suggested to be involved with the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA)".
The authorities in Augsburg, southern Germany, plan to evacuate 54,000 people from the city centre on Christmas Day because of a World War Two bomb. The 3.8-tonne British bomb was found during construction work. Defusing it is expected to take most of the day. It will be Germany's biggest post-war evacuation for an unexploded bomb, Spiegel news reports. In 2011, 45,000 residents of Koblenz were evacuated.
A series of colourfully-written letters sent by Donald Trump to then-Scottish first minister Alex Salmond has been published in full for the first time. The letters formed part of an intense lobbying campaign against plans for an offshore wind project near Mr Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort. In one, Mr Trump said he was attempting to "save Scotland". In another, he claimed Mr Salmond would be known as "Mad Alex" if the plan went ahead.
Shortly before releasing the video, IS acknowledged Amri's death in Milan. When Italian police stopped the suspect, who was on foot, at 03:00 (02:00 GMT), he "immediately drew out a gun" and shot at the two policemen, Italian Interior Minister Marco Minniti said. Officer Cristian Movio was injured in the shoulder but his injuries are not life-threatening.
US rapper Kanye West has held a meeting with Donald Trump - with the president-elect saying the pair discussed "life". They posed for pictures after the Trump Tower get-together on Tuesday. The reason for the meeting was not made clear, and neither answered questions on whether West would perform at Mr Trump's inauguration next month. Mr Trump said the pair were "just friends", adding that West - who has recently spent time in hospital - was "a good man".
Senegal's troops are on alert to intervene in The Gambia if President Yahya Jammeh refuses to step down next month, the regional bloc Ecowas says. Mr Jammeh initially accepted defeat in the 1 December poll, but later said it was flawed. The Ecowas chairman said Senegal had been chosen to lead operations "to restore the people's wishes" if needed. President Jammeh has already said he will not be intimidated, saying Ecowas had no authority to interfere.
The influential Somali Religious Council has said the competition is not in keeping with Somali culture. Sheikh Bashir Ahmed Salat told the BBC Somali service it was mainly to do with the players' clothing as although they cover up in tracksuits and headscarves, he considered such sportswear inappropriate. But the autonomous north-eastern Puntland region, which is hosting the tournament in Garowe, dismissed the criticism as "uncalled for", saying the games would go on as planned.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said it was a time to give "comfort and support" to those who need it. Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson paid tribute to those working over Christmas while Labour's Kezia Dugdale called on people to "heal divisions". Meanwhile, Scottish Secretary David Mundell paid tribute to Scottish service personnel stationed overseas. Ms Sturgeon, who recorded a video message at a party in Alness, said Christmas was about "spending time with those we love".
So-called Islamic State (IS) has released a video online which claims to show two captured Turkish soldiers being burned alive. IS said they were killed in revenge for Turkish killing of Muslims. Turkey launched a campaign against IS in northern Syria in August and is currently fighting IS around the group's stronghold of al-Bab.
In the new year Nato is beefing up it’s presence in Europe in response to what the alliance says is Russian aggression following the annexation of Crimea in 2014. The BBC’s defence correspondent Jonathan Beale has travelled to Latvia - where some of the 4,000 troops will be based to discover if the Baltic states are the frontline in a new cold war.
Donald Trump has appointed key adviser Kellyanne Conway as counsellor to the president. The US president-elect said Mrs Conway, who was his third campaign manager, had "played a crucial role in my victory". She will have an office in the West Wing, where she will be the highest-ranking woman in the White House. Mrs Conway, who is a regular on television news programmes, joined the campaign in July.
Mohamed al-Maleh was playing on the rooftop of a building in the Syrian town of Madaya when, his father said, a sniper shot him. The 12-year-old boy fell, severely injuring his head. Moussa al-Maleh rushed to get him treated. "He was a happy boy, but wasn't having a life of a normal child," he said, recalling Mohamed's routine living under government siege. "On the days of shelling, he would go to the basement with us. He would spend days without having anything to eat. There was no entertainment. He was living 1% of what normal children live." The clinic Mohamed was sent to was, in fact, just a room in the basement of a house. Run by Mohammed Darwish, a 26-year-old dentistry student, a dentist and a veterinarian, this was the only medical facility in Madaya.
To give you an idea of how fractured and confused politics is in Greece right now, let me recount a conversation I had with a Greek journalist before the election who was explaining to me why he wasn't planning to vote Syriza. The reforms imposed upon Greece by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the EU - while painful - were a necessary step, he said, to shake the country out of a state of moribund corruption. "You probably think I'm really right wing," he added, apologetically. "I'm not, honestly, I'm very centrist. I love Marx."
'Conor McGregor is a chicken': Khabib Numagomedov wants The Notorious after the Russian takes MMA record to 24-0 against Michael Johnson Khabib Numagomedov was quick to take aim at Conor McGregor after taking his mixed martial arts record to 24-0 with a third-round submission win over Michael Johnson. The Eagle labelled McGregor a 'chicken' in his post-fight interview and questioned how the Irishman got a title shot after tapping to Nate Diaz earlier this year. Numagomedov, who since emerging from his native MMA scene in Russia has an 8-0 record in the UFC, took to the mic after his win over Johnson to address the pro-McGregor Irish fans in the Madison Square Garden crowd.
Amazon Go is Amazon’s attempt to grab a foothold in the grocery industry. This is because the grocery market "has stubbornly stayed offline," according to Sucharita Mulpuru, the Chief Retail Strategist at Shoptalk. From grocery delivery companies like Peapod to meal kit delivery companies like Blue Apron, no one has been able to corner the online market or upset the titans of the grocery industry yet.
Chance the Rapper marked what will be President Barack Obama’s last holiday season in office by spoofing Run-DMC’s "Christmas in Hollis" track on "Saturday Night Live." The hip-hop star joined forces with regular "SNL" cast members Kenan Thompson and Leslie Jones for the music video of the catchy "Jingle Barack" song. There was even a cameo appearance by the real-life DMC, aka Darryl McDaniels, toward the end.
As for the new baby, the most likely reason why Witherspoon and husband Jim Toth chose Tennessee is because the actress spent her formative years in Nashville.
Bounty hunter John Ruth and his fugitive captive Daisy Domergue race towards the town of Red Rock, where Ruth will bring Daisy to justice. Along the road, they encounter Major Marquis Warren (an infamous bounty hunter) and Chris Mannix (a man who claims to be Red Rock's new sheriff). Lost in a blizzard, the bunch seeks refuge at Minnie's Haberdashery.
The Imperial Forces, under orders from cruel Darth Vader, hold Princess Leia hostage in their efforts to quell the rebellion against the Galactic Empire. Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, captain of the Millennium Falcon, work together with the companionable droid duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess, help the Rebel Alliance and restore freedom and justice to the Galaxy.
In 1930s Italy, a carefree Jewish book keeper named Guido starts a fairy tale life by courting and marrying a lovely woman from a nearby city. Guido and his wife have a son and live happily together until the occupation of Italy by German forces. In an attempt to hold his family together and help his son survive the horrors of a Jewish Concentration Camp, Guido imagines that the Holocaust is a game and that the grand prize for winning is a tank.
In this adaptation of the autobiography "The Pianist: The Extraordinary True Story of One Man's Survival in Warsaw, 1939-1945," Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Polish Jewish radio station pianist, sees Warsaw change gradually as World War II begins. Szpilman is forced into the Warsaw Ghetto, but is later separated from his family during Operation Reinhard.
Maximus is a powerful Roman general, loved by the people and the aging Emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Before his death, the Emperor chooses Maximus to be his heir over his own son, Commodus, and a power struggle leaves Maximus and his family condemned to death.
In German-occupied France, young Jewish refugee Shosanna Dreyfus witnesses the slaughter of her family by Colonel Hans Landa. Narrowly escaping with her life, she plots her revenge several years later when German war hero Fredrick Zoller takes a rapid interest in her and arranges an illustrious movie premiere at the theater she now runs.
Federal agent Elliot Ness assembles a personal team of mob fighters to bring Chicago crime boss Al Capone to justice using unconventional means during the mob wars of the 1920s. This fictionalized account of the arrest of Al Capone is heavy on style and gunfire. The end shootout combines a baby carriage and stairs with a nod to Eisenstein's _The Battleship Potemkin_.
In Whoville, live the Whos, an almost mutated sort of munchkinlike people. All the Whos love Christmas, yet just outside of their beloved Whoville lives the Grinch. The Grinch is a nasty creature that hates Christmas, and plots to steal it away from the Whos which he equally abhors.
South Carolina US Army Special operations soldier John is on summer leave from his German base, visiting his widowed father. Being gallant on the pier, he befriends college student Savannah, a college student, and Savannahs buddies, a terminal father and his angelic son. John falls in love with Savannah, who diagnoses his beloved, gentle but weird father as mildly autistic.
Holly Kennedy is beautiful, smart and married to the love of her life - a passionate, funny, and impetuous Irishman named Gerry. So when Gerry's life is taken by an illness, it takes the life out of Holly. The only one who can help Holly is the person who is no longer there. Nobody knows Holly better than Gerry.
Justin Randall Timberlake was born on January 31, 1981, in Memphis, Tennessee, to Lynn (Bomar) and Randall Timberlake, whose own father was a Baptist minister. At the age of 11, Justin appeared on the show Star Search (1983), and even though he didn't win, it didn't dampen his ambition.
Boromir is dead, Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee have gone to Mordor alone to destroy the One Ring, Merry and Pippin have been captured by the Uruk-hai, and Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli have made friends of the Rohan a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war, led by its aging king, Théoden.
New Rochelle, the 1960s. High schooler Frank Abagnale Jr. idolizes his father, who's in trouble with the IRS. When his parents separate, Frank runs away to Manhattan with $25 in his checking account, vowing to regain dad's losses and get his parents back together. Just a few years later, the FBI tracks him down in France; he's extradited, tried, and jailed for passing more than $4,000,000 in bad checks.
Naive and idealistic Jefferson Smith, leader of the Boy Rangers, is appointed on a lark by the spineless governor of his state. He is reunited with the state's senior senator--presidential hopeful and childhood hero, Senator Joseph Paine. In Washington, however, Smith discovers many of the shortcomings of the political process as his earnest goal of a national boys' camp leads to a conflict with the state political boss, Jim Taylor.
Joachim Wormsdorf was born in 1939. Wormsdorf is an actor, known for The Truce (1997), Amok (1993) and SOKO München (1978).
Carolyn Genzkow was born in July 1992. Genzkow is an actress, known for Der Nachtmahr (2015), Zivilcourage (2010) and Keine Angst (2009).
Christoph Waltz is an Austrian-German actor. Waltz is known for his works with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino, receiving acclaim for portraying SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Inglourious Basterds (2009) and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Django Unchained (2012). Additionally, Waltz received the Best Actor Award at the Cannes Film Festival and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of Landa.
BERLIN, Md., March 20. -- Weak from hunger and exposure, Charles W. Brown, 31 years old, of this city, who had been the object of an intensive search since his disappearance last Tuesday night, was found today manacled with chains to a tree in Holly Grove swamp, six miles from here.
Four days of ceremony and then down to business. That is how it will be for the new Paris Hilton next weekend. The four days will start Thursday, when the hotel is officially opened, and will continue through brunch on Sunday, when the 250 guests of Conrad Hilton start checking out and the public can start checking in.
Of all the places to part with fistfuls of money in St.-Tropez, few have more cachet than Le Club 55. But that traditional luxury is in danger of being upended there, and at 27 other clubs and restaurants that have catered for decades to famous visitors from Brigitte Bardot to Paris Hilton. The mayor’s office says the establishments pose a threat to the environment. Officials have proposed dismantling existing beach amenities and shrinking the area allotted for private beaches to protect delicate flora and what officials say are dunes worn down by the crush of manicured feet. As a result, despite the August atmosphere of hedonism, an unusual air of rebellion is stirring in St.-Tropez, with businesses contemplating their first ever "strike." "It’s completely stupid — everybody thinks so," said Patrice de Colmont, the owner of Le Club 55 and a leader of the local fight against the government’s plans. "If we said buildings in Paris couldn’t be above a certain height you wouldn’t cut off the top of the Eiffel Tower,"  Mr. de Colmont said. "Well, this is the Eiffel Tower of the French Riviera."
Barron Hilton may well have put a crimp in the party lifestyle of his famous granddaughter Paris — and in the plans of his 22 other grandchildren — when he announced last week that he would donate nearly all of his $2.3 billion fortune to the Hilton family foundation. The huge charitable gift includes $1.2 billion from the recent sale of the Hilton Hotels Corporation and from the coming sale of Harrah’s Entertainment, the casino company.
The Giants have every reason to think they will clinch their first playoff berth since the 2011 season. But Philadelphia has been neither brotherly nor loving to Giants quarterback Eli Manning, who has a 10-17 career record, with 29 interceptions, against this N.F.C. East rival. Then again, the Eagles have given up at least 26 points in each game of their free fall.
Mark Religioso, a brand manager for the video game publisher Bandai Namco Entertainment, wants more women to be involved in the professional gaming arena known as esports, where players compete in video game tournaments to win thousands of dollars in prize money. Twitch, the Amazon-owned site that livestreams video game play, began hosting Misscliks, a support community for women in gaming, three years ago after some of its founders became dismayed by the lack of women in esports. Twitch also established Inclusivity City, an area for diversity organizations, at its annual convention, TwitchCon, which ran Sept. 30 to Oct. 2 in San Diego.
In the race to develop self-driving cars, Michigan is suddenly aiming to give Silicon Valley a run for its money. The Motor City has been the center of the United States auto industry for more than a century.
Alibaba has a fakes problem. On Wednesday, American trade officials said that they had added Taobao, the Alibaba Group’s sprawling online shopping bazaar in China, to its list of the world’s most notorious markets for counterfeit goods. Alibaba says it has ramped up efforts to find and eliminate counterfeit goods.
Next week, one day before Donald J. Trump takes the presidential oath of office, the Sundance Film Festival will open its 33rd edition with a climate-change documentary starring Al Gore.
A new Sundance subsection, the New Climate, will include 14 documentaries, short films and special projects, including a virtual-reality experience that turns participants into a tree that is violently chopped down.
Many of these films are meant to startle. "Plastic China" is a rudimentary documentary by Jiu-liang Wang about sweaty workers at a Chinese recycling plant; they pick through trash piles as pipes at the plant belch white goo.
"The Diver," at 16 minutes, focuses on a man who swims through the Mexico City sewer system in scuba gear to dislodge garbage clogs. (At one point, after climbing out — but before being doused with what appears to be bleach — he calls home to request pizza for dinner.)
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said on Sunday that the isolated, nuclear-capable country was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). An Chan-il, a former North Korean military officer who defected to the South and runs a think tank in Seoul, said Kim will gauge Trump's comments about his country for potential interest in dialogue and determine whether to try and conduct an ICBM test launch.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants. Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia was behind hacks into Democratic Party organizations and operatives before the presidential election. Moscow denies this. U.S. intelligence officials say the Russian cyber attacks aimed to help Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton. Senator Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas, said on "Fox News Sunday" that Obama's sanctions were not enough.
Turkish warplanes and artillery have struck Islamic State targets in Syria, killing 22 of the group's militants, while Russian aircraft hit jihadists near the Islamic State-controlled town of al-Bab, Turkey's military said on Monday. The Turkish military operation, dubbed 'Euphrates Shield', was launched more than four months ago to drive Islamic State militants away from the border region and in recent weeks the forces have been besieging the town of al-Bab.
Danish police have arrested the equestrian competitor daughter of a woman at the center of a South Korean influence-peddling scandal that has engulfed President Park Geun-hye, police and prosecutors said on Monday. South Korean authorities had been seeking the arrest of Chung Yoo-ra, 20, for her ties to the scandal in which her mother, Choi Soon-sil, is a central figure. Park, 64, could become South Korea's first democratically elected leader to be forced to leave office early.
"So far we know three of the security forces died. We believe al Shabaab is behind the attack," Mohamed Ahmed, a police officer, told Reuters.
Cologne (English pronunciation: /kəˈloʊn/; German: Köln, pronounced [kœln], Colognian: Kölle [ˈkœɫə]) is the largest city in the German federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia and the fourth-largest city in Germany (after Berlin, Hamburg, and Munich). Cologne is located within the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region, one of the major European metropolitan regions and the largest in Germany with more than ten million inhabitants. Cologne is located on both sides of the Rhine River, less than eighty kilometres from Belgium. The city's famous Cologne Cathedral (Kölner Dom) is the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Cologne. The University of Cologne (Universität zu Köln) is one of Europe's oldest and largest universities.
William Thomson's father, James Thomson, was a teacher of mathematics and engineering at Royal Belfast Academical Institution and the son of a farmer. James Thomson married Margaret Gardner in 1817 and, of their children, four boys and two girls survived infancy. Margaret Thomson died in 1830 when William was six years old. William and his elder brother James were tutored at home by their father while the younger boys were tutored by their elder sisters. James was intended to benefit from the major share of his father's encouragement, affection and financial support and was prepared for a career in engineering.
La La Land is a 2001 techno song by Cajmere. Over September and October 2001, La La Land was charted for 7 weeks in the Belgian hit-parade, peaking at the 22nd position; meanwhile, still in Belgium, La La Land hit the 5th place of the local dance charts. In May 2002, this single reached the 29th place of the British charts.
La La Land is an American television comedy series broadcast on Showtime in the United States, BBC Three in the United Kingdom, and SBS One in Australia. It features character comedian Marc Wootton playing three different characters including, Shirley Ghostman, a fake psychic, Gary Garner, a wannabe actor, and Brendan Allen, a documentary film-maker.